Add testing guide (#46)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/guidelines/test_practices.rst

The goal of the unit test should be to test the wrapping of the
interface rather than the product or service itself. In the case of
``GetNode``, this method should have already been tested when designing and
developing the service.

Remote Method Invocation Testing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In the case of a Remote Method Invocation (RMI)-like method, it is only necessary
to test the method with a basic case and potentially with any edge cases.

RMI Service Definition:

.. code::

   message SendCommand()

Python wrapping:

.. code:: python

   def send_command(command):
       """Run a command on the server.

       Parameters
       ----------
       command : str
           Command to run on the remote server.

Example test:

.. code:: python

   def test_send_command(srv):
       output = srv.send_command("CREATE,1")
       assert "Created 1" in output

Note that this test only validates the command ``"CREATE,1"`` has been
received, executed, and sent back to the client. It does not validate all
commands, but nor is it necessary to do this unless there are edge cases
(e.g. characters that cannot be streamed or dealing with long running
commands).

> Testing Framework

Reviewer: Can we kind of mandate using pytest / unittest for all levels of testing including integration testing. Can we officially frown on use of in-house frameworks/platforms here?

Reviewer 2: @seanpearsonuk I will investigate if we can officially get rid of the internal testing tools such as ARM. I will check that it is not mandatory by any ISO9... norm to have an easy access to testing history somewhere or anything else.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
For consistency, PyAnsys tools and libraries should use either the `unittest
<https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.html>`_ or `pytest
<https://docs.pytest.org/>`_ frameworks for unit testing. As described in
:ref:`repo_dir_struct`, unit tests should be placed into the ``tests``
directory in the root directory of the library::

   tests/
       test_basic.py
       test_advanced.py

Furthermore, any requirements for testing dependencies should be included when
using ``setup.py`` within a ``requirements_tests.txt`` file that is installed
via::

   pip install -r requirements_tests.txt

An alternative is to include requirements for dependencies in the
``pyproject.toml`` file. For example, when using the `poetry`_ build system::

   [tool.poetry.group.test.dependencies]
       pytest>="2.7.3"
       pytest-cov = "*"

And then installed via::

   pip install .[test]

When using ``pytest``, test via::

   pytest

.. note::
   We recommend that you place the source of your library within the ``src``

>    direction rather than having your Python library source directly within the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   directory rather than having your Python library source directly within the
```

   numpydoc_validation/__init__.py        2      0   100%
   numpydoc_validation/_validate.py      69      0   100%
   ------------------------------------------------------
   TOTAL                                 71      0   100%

While 100% coverage is ideal, the law of diminishing returns often applies to
the coverage of a Python library. Consequently, achieving 80-90% coverage is
often sufficient.  For parts of your library that are difficult or impossible
to test, consider using ``# pragma: no cover`` at the end of the method
definition, branch, or line to denote that part of the code cannot be
reasonably tested.  For example, if part of your module performs a simple
``import`` test of ``matplotlib`` and raises an error when the library is not
installed, it is not reasonable to attempt to test this and assume full
coverage:

.. code:: python

   try:
       import matplotlib
   except ImportError:  # pragma: no cover
       raise ImportError("Install matplotlib to use this feature.")

.. note::
   You should only avoid coverage of parts of your library where you cannot
   reasonably test without an extensive testing suite or setup.  Most methods

>    and classes, including edge cases, can be reasonable tested. Even parts of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   and classes, including edge cases, can be reasonably tested. Even parts of
```

both Windows and Linux (and ideally on Mac OS). Therefore, it is necessary to
also test on both Linux and Windows for these versions of Python. Use the
``matrix`` run strategy for the job with both the latest images of Windows and
Linux::

   jobs:
     unit_tests:
       name: Unit testing
       runs-on: ${{ matrix.os }}
       strategy:
         matrix:
           os: [windows-latest, ubuntu-latest]
           python-version: ['3.7', '3.8', '3.9', '3.10']

**Running the Tests**

Each virtual machine within GitHub Actions starts in a fresh state with no
software or source downloaded or installed. Therefore, you must clone the
repository using the ``checkout`` action, set up Python, and install the
necessary testing dependencies.

.. code::

   steps:
     - uses: actions/checkout@v2
     - name: Set up Python ${{ matrix.python-version }}
       uses: actions/setup-python@v1
       with:
         python-version: ${{ matrix.python-version }}

If you are using ``setup.py``, your installation step is:

.. code:: yaml

     - name: Install the library
       run: |
         pip install .
         pip install -r requirements_test.txt

> If you are using ``pyproject.toml`` with the `poetry`_ build system, your
> installation step is:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are using ``pyproject.toml`` with the `poetry`_ build system, install
with:
```

codecov.io to enforce minimum patch (and optionally project) coverage. As this
application is already available to the `PyAnsys Organization
<https://github.com/pyansys>`_, simply add the following to the root directory
of your repository:

**/codecov.yml**

.. code:: yaml

   comment:
     layout: "diff"
     behavior: default

   coverage:
     status:
       project:
         default:
           # basic
           # target: 50%
           threshold: 0%
           # advanced
           if_not_found: success
           if_ci_failed: error
           if_no_uploads: error
       patch:
         default:
           # basic
           target: 90%
           if_not_found: success
           if_ci_failed: error
           if_no_uploads: error

This requires that each PR has a patch coverage of 90%, meaning that 90% of any
source added to the repository (unless ignored) must be covered by unit tests.

.. note::
   This is only a sample configuration.

Files Layout
~~~~~~~~~~~~
PyAnsys libraries should use ``unittest`` or ``pytest`` libraries to run
individual unit tests contained within a ``tests`` directory in the root of the

> project.  The specific test files for your project should at a minimum include:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
project. The specific test files for your project should at a minimum include:
```
```suggestion
project.  The specific test files for your project should at a minimum include:
```

.. code::

   requirements_tests.py
   tests/
     test_<filename>.py
     conftest.py

**Requirements File**
The requirements file contains a list of all the libraries that must be
installed to run ``pytest``.  No assumption should be made regarding the state

> of the virtual

Reviewer 3: This sentence is incomplete.

Reviewer 2: @PipKat I will handle that.

Reviewer 2: Done.
